Part (a)
tracked and unmodified because Git just checked them out and you haven’t
edited anything.

Part (b)
fun_problem.txt is untracked
README.md is modified and not staged for commit

Part (c)
both of the files are now staged

Part (d)
both now modified

Part (e)
README.md is staged

Part (f)
README.md is not modified

2. Abstract Data Types
1. We can use a map to store the playlist and track number as the key value pair,
and the song name(string) as the value for the key.
2. A list where a string can be stored, and have the recipe for that step in
that node of the list.
3. A set where the key value would be the file extension and the value
would be the possible programs that are able to read/open the file
4. A map could be used where the key value is the TV identification station
and the value could be the full name(string) of the station.

3. runtime analysis

1. The outer and inner loop will both run n iterations, but since n is subtracted
by it's square every time we can say that both of the loops will run root n times.
For example, if n is 16, the first iteration of a summation will be that it will run n
times. Then 12 times, then 8 times, then 4 times, then the loop will not run because
n will equal zero after that. If we have two for loops that run root n times, then that
runtime will be equal to O(n).

2. Since we are calculating worst case runtime, we can assume the if statement
will evaluate as true every iteration. The inner for loop iterates n/2 times,
since m is updated 2m times. The middle loop runs n times, and the outer loop
runs n times, so Outer = n iterations, Middle = n iterations and inner = n/2 iterations.
That runtime comes to be (n^3)/2 which is just O(n^3).

3. The first for loop would run n times, because the insert member function
for the map class runs in constant time. The next for loop runs in n times and the while
loop inside of it will run in log(n) times, because k updates every iteration k/2 times.
So since the program has a loop that runs n times then a log(n) loop inside of
that the whole program will run in O(nlog(n)).

4. The outer loop will run n times no matter what, because n gets updated 1 every iteration.
The inside for loop will run (3/2)(size) times, which just iterates at a rate of size.
However, the inner for loop will only run when i = size, and since size increases every time,
when n is less than 10 that inner loop will never run, leaving the complexity at O(n). Since
we are assuming the worst case, the loop will run O(n*size).
