			      EE 109  - Fall 2020
			 Lab 4 - Using the LCD Display

Edit the document below to fill in your answers to the review problems at the
end of the assignment web page.

1 (2 points) We want you to feel comfortable reading documentation to
understand the operation of a device. To that end, open the ATmega328/P
datasheet linked on our website from the Tools and Links Page. Go to section
18.2 and read over pages 98-99. Note that "toggle" means flip to its opposite
value, regardless of current value.

What effect does writing a 1 to a PIN register bit have? Consider, how this
might be used to generate the E signal pulse in your lcd_writenibble()
function. Re-write the 3 lines of code you had to generate the E signal pulse
for about 250 ns using the feature of writing a 1 to a PIN register bit. You
may leave the middle line that is intended to simply delay as is. So just show
the first line (statement) that turns the E signal on and then the last line
that turns it off. Make sure you use the correct register, masking, etc.

Writing a '1' to PINxn flips the value of PORTxn, independent on the value of DDRxn.

PINB |= (1 << PB1);    
PORTB |= (1 << PB1);  // original line to simply delay
PINB &= ~(1 << PB1);


2. (1 point) Suppose we need to perform 3 concurrent tasks intermittently: Task
A every 20 ms, Task B every 15 ms, and Task C every 40 ms. What delay should be
used on each iteration of the main loop?



 





-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

			   Operation of the Circuit

Please record a video of you demonstrating the operation of the circuit
that shows the following aspects of the counter on the LCD.

1. Count sequence is correct (all ten digits shown for the same amount of
time).

2. Buttons change count direction correctly (doesn’t reset to 0).

3. Count wraps around properly in both directions when it reaches the maximum
or minimum count value.

4. Counter responds to short button presses to change the direction.  Try to
show that a short button press between the points when the digit changes will
cause the counter to change direction.  If necessary slow down the count rate.


Paste link to lab demonstration video below:
